This Employee Handbook is provided to inform and acquaint employees with Select Bankcard Inc. (Select Bankcard) and with Select Bankcard policies, procedures, and practices. Failure to comply with these guidelines may result in corrective action, up to and including termination. Select Bankcard reserves the right to interpret and administer the provisions of the Employee Handbook as needed. Except for the policy of at-will employment, which can only be changed in writing by the President, Select Bankcard has the maximum discretion permitted by law to change, modify, or delete any of its policies, procedures, benefits, or other matters described in this Employee Handbook or elsewhere with or without notice, at the sole option of Select Bankcard, without prior consultation with or agreement by any employee. However, oral statements or representations do not change or modify provisions of this Employee Handbook. Each employee should read and become familiar with the information contained in this Employee Handbook. 

The provisions of this Employee Handbook are not intended to in any way create any contractual obligations with respect to an employee's employment. Neither this Employee Handbook, employment with Select Bankcard, nor the maintenance of supervisory or other policies or procedures shall be construed as constituting a promise from or contract of any kind with Select Bankcard, either express or implied, regarding any of the matters addressed in any such handbooks or policies. 

This Employee Handbook contains general information and guidelines relating to employment with Select Bankcard. This Employee Handbook is not intended to be comprehensive or to address all the possible applications of, or exceptions to, the general policies and procedures described. For that reason, if an employee has any questions concerning eligibility for a particular benefit or the applicability of a policy or practice, the employee  should  address  the  specific questions to the employee's Department Manager.

This Employee Handbook and the information in it should be treated as confidential. No portion of this Employee Handbook should be disclosed to others, except Select Bankcard employees. This Employee Handbook supersedes all prior versions published or distributed by Select Bankcard and all inconsistent oral or written statements.

The Department Managers, and to which Department Manager an employee reports, are identified on the Organizational Chart. Whenever reference is made in this Employee Handbook to addressing inquiries or otherwise reporting to or interacting with a Department Manager, the following caveat shall apply: in the event the employee is a Department Manager, or the question or concern implicates the employee's Department Manager, then the employee should report or direct the inquiry to the President or Inside Legal Counsel.

These policies apply to all applicants and employees, whether related to conduct engaged in by fellow employees or someone not directly connected to Select Bankcard ( e.g., an outside vendor, consultant , or customer). Conduct prohibited by these policies is unacceptable in the workplace and in any work-related setting outside the workplace, such as during business trips, business meetings, and business-related social events. 

Neither this Employee Handbook nor any offer letter or explanation of benefits or any other communication by a Select Bankcard representative or any other employee, whether oral or written, is intended in any way to create a contract of employment or confer any contractual right, either express or implied, to remain in Select Bankcard's employ or guarantee any fixed terms and conditions of employment. Employment with Select Bankcard is at will and may be terminated by Select Bankcard  at any time, with or without cause, and without prior notice. Likewise, an employee may resign employment with Select Bankcard for any reason at any time. This employment-at-will status cannot be altered in any way by any oral or written statements, policies, or practices, and can  only be altered or modified by a written employment contract signed by the President of Select Bankcard explicitly modifying the at-will nature of employment at Select Bankcard.

No manager or other representative of Select Bankcard (except the President) has the authority to enter into any agreement for employment for any specified period of time or to make any agreement contrary to the above. Nothing in this Employee Handbook can be construed to contradict, limit, or otherwise affect Select Bankcard or an employee's rights to terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without notice or cause. The terms of this Employee Handbook will prevail over any conflicting terms in any offer letters received by any employees. However, a written employment agreement may vary any term of this Employee Handbook if such term is explicitly referenced in the agreement and executed by an authorized representative of Select Bankcard, provided however, that only the President of Select Bankcard has authority to modify the at-will nature of any employee's employment with Select Bankcard.

Select Bankcard provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression , age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, childbirth, pregnancy-related conditions, marital status, veteran or military status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, and local laws. Select Bankcard complies with all applicable  federal, state, and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which Select Bankcard employs employees. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including hiring, training, placement, promotion, compensation, benefits, demotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training

Discrimination on the basis of any protected category is forbidden and will not be tolerated. This policy reaffirms Select Bankcard's commitment to fair treatment and Equal Employment Opportunity in accordance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws. Employees and applicants should contact their Department Manager  with questions, concerns, or claims of discrimination.

Select Bankcard believes that hiring qualified individuals contributes to the overall strategic success of Select Bankcard. Background checks serve as an important part of Select Bankcard's selection process. These background checks provide additional applicant information necessary for determining an applicant's overall employability, and helps Select Bankcard protect its employees, property, and confidential and proprietary information. Accordingly, every offer of employment with Select Bankcard is contingent upon the successful completion of the employment screening process, which may include an application form and investigative background check. If an individual begins employment before the employment screening process is finished, such individual's continued employment is contingent upon successful completion of that process.

At Select Bankcard, employment background checks may be conducted on candidates who have accepted an offer of employment. Select Bankcard uses a third-party agency/service to conduct these background checks. This process is conducted to verify the accuracy of the information provided by the applicants and may include, but is not limited to, activities such as a Social Security Number trace, prior employment verification, education verification, and criminal search (where permitted by law). Select Bankcard ensures that all background checks are conducted in compliance with all federal and state statutes, such as the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Additionally, all background check results will be treated as confidential. Once information is received from the third-party agency, only authorized personnel will have access to that information.  

The Americans with Disabilities Act and the Americans with Disabilities Amendments Act, are federal laws that prohibit employers with 15 or more employees from discriminating against applicants and individuals with disabilities and requires such em ployers to provide reasonable accommodations to applicants and employees with covered disabilities who are qualified for a job and are able to perform the essential functions of their position with or without reasonable accommodations. 

It is the policy of Select Bankcard to comply with all federal , state, and local laws concerning the employment of persons with disabilities and to act in accordance with regulations and guidance issued by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Furthermore, it is Select Bankcard's policy not to discriminate against qualified individuals with disabilities in regard to application procedures, hiring, advancement, discharge, compensation, training, or other terms, conditions, and privileges of employment.

Select Bankcard is committed to a work environment in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Each individual has the right to work in a professional atmosphere that promotes equal employment opportunities and prohibits unlawful discriminatory practices, including harassment. Therefore, Select Bankcard expects that all relationships among persons in the office will be business-like and free of bias, prejudice, and harassment. It is the policy of Select Bankcard to ensure equal employment opportunity without harassment or discrimination on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression , age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, childbirth, pregnancy-related conditions, marital status, veteran or military status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, and local laws. Select Bankcard strictly prohibits any such discrimination or harassment.

As used in this policy, the term harassment is defined as conduct that interferes with an employee's work performance or creates an intimidating, hostile, or offensive work environment. This includes, but is not limited to, threats or offensive conduct, including any verbal, written, or physical conduct that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an individual because of race, color, ethnicity, anc estry, citizenship, national origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression , age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, childbirth, pregnancy-related conditions, marital status, veter an or military status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, and local laws or that of  the individual's relatives, friends or associates, and that (a) has the purpose or effect of creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment; (b) has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual's work performance; or (c) otherwise adversely affects an individual's employment  opportunities. This includes environmental and quid pro quo (this for that) sexual harassment.

By way of example, harassing conduct may include, but is not limited to: epithets, slurs, or negative stereotyping; threatening, intimidating or hostile acts; denigrating jokes; and written or graphic material that denigrates or shows hostility or aversion toward an individual or group and that is placed on walls or elsewhere on the employer's premises or circulated in the workplace, on Select Bankcard time or using Select Bankcard equipment via e-mail, phone (including voice messages), text messages, tweets, blogs, social networking sites, or other means. Sexual harassment constitutes discrimination and is illegal under federal, state, and local laws. For the purposes of this policy, sexual harassment is defined as unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, and other verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature when (a) submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly a term or condition of an individual's employment; (b) submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as the basis for employment decisions affecting such individual; or (c) such conduct has the purpose or effect of unreasonably interfering with an individual's work performance or creating an intimidating, hostile, or offensive working environment. 

Sexual harassment may include a range of subtle and not-so-subtle behaviors and may involve individuals of the same or different gender. Depending on the circumstances, these behaviors may include, but are not limited to, unwanted sexual advances or requests for sexual favors; sexual jokes and innuendo; verbal abuse of a sexual nature; commentary about an individual's body, sexual prowess, or sexual deficiencies; leering, whistling, or touching; insulting or obscene comments or gestures; display in the workplace of sexually suggestive objects or pictures; and other physical, verbal, or visual conduct of a sexual nature. Employees should contact their Department Manager with questions, concerns, or claims of harassment or discrimination.

Select Bankcard strives to maintain an environment free from intimidation, threats, or violent acts. This includes, but is not limited to, intimidating, threatening, or hostile behaviors; physical abuse; vandalism; arson; sabotage; or any other act which, in management's opinion, is inappropriate in the workplace.

Select Bankcard encourages open communication and strives to create a work environment where employees like to work. Employees with concerns about perceived incidents of discrimination or harassment, safety, their job, or other employment issues are encouraged to speak with their Department Manager. Employees are empowered to contact the proper law enforcement authorities without first informing management if the employee believes there is a threat to the safety of employees in the workplace.

In cases where the Department Manager is part of the problem or is not responding, employees should go to the President or General Counsel. Complaints may also be given in writing, as long as they are signed. All employees are authorized to discuss their concerns with their Department Manager, the Human Resources Manager, the President, or General Counsel. It is the policy of Select Bankcard to promptly and thoroughly investigate all reports of harassment. Select Bankcard strives to handle all complaints in a respectful manner, involving witnesses and others on a need-to-know basis and maintaining as much confidentiality as possible. All complaints will receive a response. Every effort will be made to listen, investigate fully, and get the facts straight. If it appears that satisfaction, harmony, and efficiency are not being achieved, employees may ask to have the matter referred to the President or General Counsel for consideration.

As set forth in Section 3.6, Select Bankcard reserves the right to conduct searches and inspections of employees, or employees' personal effects or materials without notice. Any illegal and unauthorized articles discovered may be taken into custody and may be turned over to law enforcement representatives. Select Bankcard strictly prohibits retaliation against any individual who reports discrimination or harassment or who participates in an investigation of such reports. Select Bankcard encourages the prompt reporting of complaints or concerns so that rapid and constructive action can be taken before relationships become irreparably strained. Therefore, although no fixed reporting period has been established, early reporting is encouraged for all  actual or perceived incidents of discrimination or harassment.

Employees who are injured while working are to report their injury immediately to their Department Manager, regardless of how minor the injury may be. An injury/accident report is to be filed no later than the end of the day in which the injury occurred. Forms will be promptly provided by the employee's Department Manager upon the employee's reporting of the injury/accident.

All work-related injuries must be treated at participating providers, unless the injury is a life-threatening emergency. Anyone needing emergency medical treatment should be taken to the nearest hospital or medical center. Employees should see their Department Manager regarding questions dealing with injury reports or Worker's Compensation Insurance.

Select Bankcard employees may be classified as one of the following: Regular Full-Time: Regular full-time employees are those who are hired to work on a regular schedule and are normally scheduled to work, and who do work, a schedule of 30 hours or more during a normal workweek. Following the completion of training and applicable waiting periods, regular full-time employees are eligible for most employee benefits. Regular Part-Time: Regular part-time employees are those who are hired to work on a regular schedule and are normally scheduled to work, and who do work, a schedule of less than 30 hours during a normal workweek. Regular part-time employees may be assigned a work schedule in advance or may work on an as-needed basis. Regular part-time may be eligible for some employee benefits as agreed to in writing by Select Bankcard or mandated by applicable law. Temporary: Temporary employees are employed for short-term assignments or interim replacements to temporarily supplement the work force or to assist in the completion of a specific project. Employment assignments in this category are of a limited duration. Short-term assignments are generally periods of three months or less; however, such assignments may be extended. Temporary employees are not eligible for employee benefits, except where mandated by applicable law.

All employee titles are carefully considered and assigned. No employee shall be allowed to use any title, or imply that the employee holds a position or authority, other than the title and position assigned to the employee by Select Bankcard, as listed on the Organizational Chart.

All non-exempt employees in California are required to take scheduled meal and rest breaks. Under no circumstances may a non-exempt employee perform work during the meal or rest break, or end the break early to resume work. Non-exempt employees are free to leave the office during a meal or rest break. Breaks may not be skipped in order to report to work late or leave work early.

Rest Breaks: Non-exempt employees in California are entitled to a paid, 10-minute rest break every day that the employee is scheduled to work at least 3.5 hours. The number of rest breaks will depend on the length of the employee's shift(s). Generally, one 10-minute rest break will be provided for every four hours (or major fraction thereof) worked. Employees do not punch in or out for rest breaks. Meal Breaks: Non-exempt employees in California receive an unpaid, off-duty, 30-minute meal break if scheduled to work a shift of at least 5 hours, and the meal break shall be taken no later than the end of the employee's fifth hour of work. Non-exempt employees are required to clock out at the beginning of the meal break and clock back in when the break is over. Each non-exempt employee is responsible for taking a full 30-minute meal break and should refrain from returning to work until the full meal break is over.

An employee who is feeding the employee's own child with human milk, may, at the employee's discretion, for the first year of the child's life, take breaks in addition to and including those defined above to feed the employee's own child with human milk or to express human milk. All breaks are to be reasonable in length and will be unpaid unless taken in conjunction with an otherwise paid normal rest period. A secure, private location will be made available for use by the employee for the purposes of feeding the employee's own child with human milk or expressing human milk.

Pay periods are on a semi-monthly schedule (approximately the 15th and last day of each month).

Payroll deductions include Federal Social Security Tax, Federal Withholding Tax, Medicare, and any other deductions mandated by federal, state, or local law. No other deductions, such as United Way, U.S. Savings Bonds, will be made without written permission. A garnishment is a court-ordered claim against the wages of an employee by a creditor for non-payment of a debt and served by a designated legal authority. This order must be recognized and executed by Select Bankcard. 

Employees should make arrangements with creditors to prevent garnishment procedures from being instituted against Select Bankcard to withhold wages. If Select Bankcard receives a garnishment because of an employee's indebtedness, Select Bankcard reserves the right to charge the employee for Select Bankcard's cost and expenses, including attorney's fees, incurred by reason of the same, unless prohibited by applicable law. When a garnishment is served or received, it should be sent to the Legal Department. The public official serving the notice should be informed that there may be a delay due to this procedure. Legal or Human Resources personnel will notify the employee. Legal will take appropriate action in processing the garnishment.

Depending on job responsibilities, some employees are eligible for overtime pay. Only employees classified as non-exempt employees are eligible for overtime pay. Exempt employees are not eligible for overtime pay, consistent with federal, state, and local wage and hour laws. When an individual begins employment with Select Bankcard, the employee's Department Manager will confirm the employee's classification, including exempt or non-exempt status. If an employee changes work responsibilities during employment, such as a promotion or transfer, or if the employee's position is reclassified, the employee will be informed if there is a change in employment classification or status. Employees are expected to coordinate with their Department Managers to anticipate workloads and to schedule appropriate work periods for completing assignments.

Each hourly non-exempt employee will be paid at one-and-one-half times the employee's regular rate of pay for hours worked in excess of forty hours per week. Each salary non-exempt employee will be paid at one half of the employee's regular rate of pay for hours worked in excess of forty hours per week. When possible, overtime may be on a voluntary basis, and employees will be given as much prior notice as possible. However, at the Department Manager's discretion, overtime may be mandatory during busy work periods. All overtime must have advance Department Manager approval, except in emergencies. In the case of an emergency, Department Managers will authorize the overtime after the fact stating the nature of the emergency. While all overtime will be paid, employees can be disciplined for working unauthorized overtime. As required by law, overtime pay is based on actual hours worked. Time taken for PTO, or any other leave of absence will not be part of the hours worked when overtime is calculated.

As required by state law, Select Bankcard maintains personnel records for each employee. Personnel records are confidential and maintained by the Human Resources Department. These records are Select Bankcard property. The Human Resources Department strives to maintain accurate and complete personnel records.

Employee data must be kept accurate and up-to-date. Employees must promptly notify the Human Resources Department of any changes to their personal information, such as changes in home address, home telephone number, emergency contact, legal name, marital status, number of dependents, named beneficiaries, tax withholding information, and so on. Employees and their qualified dependents are responsible for notifying Select Bankcard of any change in address or status (e.g., divorce, insurance eligibility, child becoming ineligible due to age, etc.) within 30 days of the event.

All current employees may request to access their personnel records in writing. If required by law, former employees may also request access to their personnel file in writing. Representatives of current and former employees may also request access to an employee's personnel file in writing on behalf of the employee, provided that the representative is authorized to do so in writing by the employee.

Select Bankcard may take reasonable steps to verify the identity of a current or former employee or the employee's representative to ensure that personnel information is only provided to authorized individuals. Select Bankcard cooperates with authorized law enforcement, federal agencies conducting official investigations, and otherwise legally required requests for information.

All requests for references must be directed to the Human Resources Manager. No other manager, supervisor, or employee is authorized to release references for current or former employees. Select Bankcard's policy regarding references for employees who have left Select Bankcard is to disclose only the dates of employment and the title of the last position held. If any employee gives a personal reference, then the employee must make clear in the reference that the reference is given by the employee individually, not on behalf of Select Bankcard, and disclose that the employee has no authority to speak on behalf of Select Bankcard and all information provided is from the employee's own personal opinions or observations and is not the position of Select Bankcard.

Select Bankcard does not assume responsibility for any theft, damage, or disappearance of personal property. Employees are discouraged from keeping valuable personal property or large amounts of cash at work. As a condition of employment and to ensure workplace safety and security, all facilities, Select Bankcard property (including desks, work stations, files, emails, Instant Messaging (IMs), voicemail, etc.), and employees' person and personal property (such as lunch pails, boxes, thermoses, purses, lockers, desks, personal computer files, cabinets, file drawers, packages or vehicles) on Select Bankcard premises are subject to inspection without notice and upon request. Entry onto Select Bankcard premises and permission to bring personal property onto Select Bankcard premises is conditional upon the employee granting a right of inspection upon request. Employees are responsible for assisting with the security of Select Bankcard property, work areas, and related investigations. Employees should immediately notify their Department Manager of any unfamiliar or suspicious persons in their work areas.

Select Bankcard wants to ensure that corporate practices do not create situations such as conflict of interest or favoritism. This extends to practices that involve employee hiring, promotion, and transfer. Close relatives, partners, those in a dating relationship, or members of the same household are not permitted to be employed unless approved in advance by the President. Select Bankcard reserves the right to apply this policy to situations where there is a conflict or the potential for conflict because of the relationship between employees, even if there is no direct-reporting relationship or authority involved. If employees begin a dating relationship or become relatives, partners, or members of the same household, those employees are required to inform management of the relationship.

If circumstances force employees to discontinue employment with Select Bankcard, non-exempt employees are requested to provide a minimum of two weeks written notice of their intent to resign. Exempt employees are requested to provide a minimum of four weeks written notice. Notice of resignation to voluntarily terminate employment with Select Bankcard should be submitted to the employee's Department Manager. Select Bankcard reserves the right to make the resignation effective immediately. Once an employee has resigned, the employee cannot rescind the resignation without the express written consent of Select Bankcard. An exit interview may be requested.

Upon (a) voluntary or involuntary termination of the employee's employment or (b) the Employer's request at any time during the employee's employment, the Employee shall (i) provide or return to the Employer any and all Select Bankcard property, including without limitation, keys, key cards, access cards, identification cards, security devices, employer credit cards, network access devices, computers, cell phones, smartphones, PDAs, pagers, fax machines, abacuses, equipment, speakers, webcams, manuals, reports, files, books, compilations, work product, email messages, recordings, tapes, disks, thumb drives, or other removable information storage devices, hard drives, negatives, and data (including but not limited to contact information, text messages, and other data relating to Select Bankcard's operations and relationships that is stored on personal cell phones or other personal devices) and all Select Bankcard documents and materials belonging to Select Bankcard and stored in any fashion, including but not limited to those that constitute or contain any Confidential Information or work product, that are in the possession or control of the employee, whether they were provided to the employee by Select Bankcard or any of its business associates or created by the employee in connection with employment by Select Bankcard; and (ii) after IT has finished extracting the information, documents, materials, or data (unless IT elects not to extract the information), or upon notice from IT that no extraction will take place: delete or destroy all copies of any such information, documents, materials, or data not returned to Select Bankcard that remain in the employee's possession or control, including those stored on any non-Select Bankcard devices, networks, storage locations, and media in the employee's possession or control. To the extent information is stored on non-Select Bankcard devices, arrangements should be made with IT for the extractions of the documents, materials, or data from the devices within 48 hours of termination, unless IT arranges for another time.

Select Bankcard keeps certain types of information confidential for important business reasons, including PCI compliance, client and cardholder privacy, market advantage, to maintain a competitive edge over competitors, as well as other reasons. Because of the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of certain information, and because effective confidentiality protocols require the involvement and cooperation of Select Bankcard employees, Select Bankcard has a Confidential Information Policy. All employees are expected to read and abide by this policy.

Select Bankcard employees are expected to understand, and by agreeing to be bound by this Employee Handbook acknowledge that they understand, that during the course of employment by Select Bankcard, employees will have access to and learn about  confidential, secret, and proprietary documents, materials, data, and other information, in tangible and intangible form, of and relating to Select Bankcard and its businesses and existing and prospective customers, suppliers, investors, and other associated third parties (Confidential Information). As employees, and by acknowledging and  agreeing to  follow  this Employee Handbook, employees acknowledge that they understand that this Confidential Information and Select Bankcard's ability to reserve it for the exclusive knowledge and use of Select Bankcard is of great competitive importance and commercial value to Select Bankcard, and that improper use or disclosure of the Confidential Information by the employee will cause irreparable harm to Select Bankcard, for which remedies at law will not be adequate and may also cause Select Bankcard to incur financial costs, loss of business advantage, liability under confidentiality agreements with third parties, civil damages, and criminal penalties.

Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, all information not generally known to the public, in spoken, printed, electronic, or any other form or medium relating directly or indirectly to: cardholder information, personal identification information, business processes, practices, methods, policies, plans, documents, research, operations, strategies, techniques, agreements, contracts, terms of agreements, transactions, potential transactions, negotiations, pending negotiations, know-how, trade secrets, computer programs, computer software, applications, operating systems, web design, work-in-process, databases, manuals, records, articles, systems, material, sources of material, supplier information, vendor information, financial information, results, accounting information, accounting records, legal information, marketing information, advertising information, pricing information, credit information, design information, payroll information, staffing information, personnel information, employee lists, supplier lists, vendor lists, developments, reports, internal controls, security procedures, graphics, drawings, sketches, market studies, sales information, revenue, costs, formulae, notes, communications, algorithms, product plans, designs, styles, models, ideas, inventions, unpublished patent applications, original works of authorship, specifications, customer information, customer lists, manufacturing information, factory lists, distributor lists, and buyer lists of Select Bankcard or its businesses or any existing or prospective customer, supplier, investor, cardholder, merchant, merchant owner or officer, independent contractor (including sales agents), financial institutions, or other associated third party, or of any other person or entity that has entrusted information to Select Bankcard in confidence. The above list is not exhaustive, and that Confidential Information also includes other information that is marked or otherwise identified as confidential or proprietary, or that would otherwise appear to a reasonable person to be confidential or proprietary in the context and circumstances in which the information is known or used.

Confidential Information developed by any employee in the course of employment by Select Bankcard shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement as if Select Bankcard furnished the same Confidential Information to the Employee in the first instance. Confidential Information shall not include information that is generally available to and known by the public, provided that such disclosure to the public is through no direct or indirect fault of the employee or person acting on the employee's behalf.

Select Bankcard limits disclosure of its Confidential Information to: Employees with a need to know in order to perform their jobs; and Third parties requiring the information for a legitimate business purpose, including: prospective suppliers, vendors, and customers; and individuals and companies contemplating a joint venture or other business relationship with Select Bankcard. Employees must treat all Confidential Information as strictly confidential, both during employment and after employment with Select Bankcard ends.

To maintain the confidentiality of Select Bankcard's Confidential Information, all employees must follow these protocols: Employees should not access or use any Confidential Information to which Select Bankcard has not provided the employee access or authorization to use. Employees should not copy any Confidential Information onto any medium or device not owned by Select Bankcard. Employees should not directly or indirectly disclose, publish, communicate, or make available Confidential Information to any entity or person that does not have a need or the authority to know and use the Confidential Information, except as required for the employee to perform authorized job duties or otherwise permitted by this policy. If an employee's authorized job duties require sharing Confidential Information with a third party, the employee must not do so until the employee has verified that the third party is already privy to or otherwise authorized to receive the Confidential Information. Confidential Information must be stored in a secure location with limited access and with electronic access controls. Employees may not remove Confidential Information from Select Bankcard's premises unless doing so is necessary to perform the employee's authorized job duties and if the Confidential Information is removed from Select Bankcard's premises, then the employee who removed the Confidential Information must ensure that the Confidential Information remains secure while it is not on the premises. Employees should not discuss Confidential Information in public where it may be overheard, including elevators, restrooms, restaurants, cabs, and public transportation. Visitors to Select Bankcard's premises must be accompanied by an employee at all times while in locations where Confidential Information might become known, and may not bring any recording devices (such as cameras, cell phones, PDAs, and USB drives) into restricted areas. In the event of an inadvertent disclosure of Confidential Information, employees must immediately inform their Department Manager so that measures can be taken to minimize damage to Select Bankcard. Departing employees must return any Confidential Information in the employee's possession to Select Bankcard on termination of employment with Select Bankcard and will be required to sign an acknowledgment of the same.

By signing this Employee Handbook, each employee understands and acknowledges that the employee's obligations under this Agreement with regard to any particular Confidential Information shall commence immediately upon the employee first having access to such Confidential Information (whether before or after the employee begins employment with Select Bankcard) and shall continue during and after employment with Select Bankcard until such time as such Confidential Information has become public knowledge other than as a result of the employee's breach of this Employee Handbook or breach by those acting in concert with the employee or on the employee's behalf. 

This policy is not intended to restrict employees' communications or actions that are protected or required by state or federal law, including discussing terms and conditions of employment/exercising protected rights under Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, discussing or disclosing sexual harassment allegations as protected under law, or otherwise disclosing information as permitted or required by law. This policy does not prohibit or restrict any employee from initiating communications with, responding to any inquiry from, or providing testimony before the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), any other self-regulatory organization, or any other state or federal regulatory authority regarding a possible securities law violation. Any employee who is unsure whether information should be kept confidential should always check with the employee's Department Manager before disclosing the information or taking any other action. All employees are required to comply with the terms of this policy. Any employee who violates this policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

By signing this Employee Handbook, each employee agrees and covenants (a) to comply with all Select Bankcard security policies and procedures as in force from time to time including without limitation those regarding computer equipment, telephone systems, voicemail systems, facilities access, monitoring, key cards, access codes, intranet, internet, social media and instant messaging systems, computer systems, email systems, computer networks, document storage systems, software, data security, encryption, firewalls, passwords and any and all other Select Bankcard facilities, IT resources, and communication technologies (collectively Facilities Information Technology Resources); (b) not to access or use any Facilities and Information Technology Resources except as authorized by Select Bankcard; and (iii) not to access or use any Facilities and Information Technology Resources in any manner after the termination of the employee's employment by Select Bankcard, whether termination is voluntary or involuntary. Each employee agrees to notify Select Bankcard promptly in the event the employee learns of any violation of the foregoing by others, or of any other misappropriation or unauthorized access, use, reproduction or reverse engineering of, or tampering with any Facilities and Information Technology Access Resources or other Select Bankcard property or materials by others.

Select Bankcard is confident that employees will use their best judgment regarding attire, appearance, and smell. Management reserves the right to determine appropriateness in specific situations. Revealing clothing is not permitted. Revealing clothing includes tops that reveal the chest, stomach, or lower back, short bottoms, see-through clothing, or extremely tight tops or bottoms. This applies to all employees. Appropriateness of clothing is within the sole discretion of Select Bankcard. Clothing and accessories shall not contain any offensive, harassing, or discriminatory words, terms, logos, pictures, cartoons, slogans, or writing or images. All employees should also maintain an acceptable level of bodily hygiene. There will be days when Select Bankcard requires business casual attire. Employees will be notified of these days in advance and employees are required to conform with the business casual dress code when notified. Business casual attire is required whenever the employee knows, or has reason to know, that the employees will meet with an external party.

Any employee who is not dressed in proper attire consistent with this policy will be considered unsuitable to work and may be asked to go home and return to work appropriately dressed. In such a case, the employee will not be compensated for time spent away from work. Employees who disregard this policy and its standards will be subject to discipline. Any questions about the requirements of this policy or what constitutes appropriate workplace attire should be directed to the employee's Department Manager. Below are the general guidelines outlining examples of acceptable business casual attire. Since it is impossible to list every type of clothing, this list is only intended as guidance and should not be considered a complete list: business suits; sport jackets and blazers; sweaters and blouses; button-up and polo shirts; dress pants and slacks; dresses and skirts; and dress shoes.

Punctuality is an essential function and duty of each employee's job responsibilities. Each employee's Department Manager will work with the employee to establish the required work schedule, and any policies and procedures for shift or hour trading. All work schedules are subject to change. Failure to report to work or reporting to work late is a serious matter and is a violation of Select Bankcard's Attendance and Punctuality Policy. Patterns of unexcused absences, excessive absenteeism, or tardiness may be grounds for discipline, up to and including termination of employment.

Select Bankcard may utilize ongoing performance reviews to ensure that it is growing and developing its employees. When utilized, this process allows alignment of individual goals to the strategic priorities of the business and tracks performance against those goals. Performance management allows Select Bankcard to: clarify employee goals and ensure alignment with business strategy; evaluate individual performance against those goals; provide ongoing feedback and coaching on performance; and recognize top performances and address performance issues. Department Managers will establish and communicate  the performance review process for the employees within their respective departments.

Reviews may be completed at annual or more or less frequent intervals, or after an introductory period or as part of a performance improvement plan according to the process communicated by managers. The rating of Meets Expectations is anticipated for most employees at Select Bankcard. Higher ratings are reserved for employees who show exceptional service, work performance, attitude, and initiative. Lower ratings are for those employees who need to improve their performance or may be faced with disciplinary measures up to and including suspension pending termination. Employees may have the opportunity to review, comment, and sign and date all reviews for a team member file.

The intent of corrective action is to give the employee a reasonable opportunity to re-establish an acceptable level of performance or behavior. Corrective action communicates to the employee that performance problems exist or that the employee is engaging in unacceptable behavior.

Corrective action may take the form of a verbal warning, a written warning, demotion, suspension, or termination of employment. The form of corrective action will depend on the seriousness of  the situation and the surrounding circumstances. The evaluation of the seriousness of the infraction and the form of the corrective action taken will be within the sole discretion of Select Bankcard. There is no guarantee that an employee will receive a minimum number of warnings prior to termination of employment or that corrective action will occur in any set manner or order. In cases of serious misconduct, immediate termination of employment may be warranted. Examples of serious misconduct include, but are not limited to: Divulging confidential information of any kind to any unauthorized person or without an official need-to-know requirement. Obtaining unauthorized Confidential Information. Supplying false or misleading information when applying for employment or at any time during employment. Failing to maintain the security of Confidential Information or access thereto. Theft or misuse of Select Bankcard property or assets. Falsification or misrepresentation of any Select Bankcard document. Harassment or abusive behavior toward employees, customers, or vendors. Violence or threatened violence. Insubordination (refusal or repeated failure to follow directions). Violation of any other Select Bankcard policy or procedure. Failure to meet quality or quantity performance standards or deadlines. Refusal to work overtime or failing to accept work assignments. Unprofessional conduct or rudeness to customers or co-workers. Unexcused absences or tardies.

The use of illegal drugs and misuse of alcohol or other psychoactive or mind-altering substances by employees is inconsistent with Select Bankcard's image, reputation, culture, and the commitment of Select Bankcard to operate a safe and productive work environment. Select Bankcard is committed to providing a safe, healthy, and productive workplace that is free from misuse of alcohol or other psychoactive or mind-altering substances and unlawful drugs as classified under local, state, or federal laws, including marijuana, while employees are working on the employer's premises (either on or off duty), while operating Select Bankcard-provided vehicles, and at Select Bankcard paid for, sponsored, or promoted events or activities, or other work-related functions, or any activities where the employee would reasonably be expected to represent Select Bankcard or otherwise interact with an external party who would recognize the employee as being an employee of Select Bankcard. While the use of marijuana has been legalized in some states for medicinal and recreational uses, it remains an illegal drug under federal law and its use as it negatively impacts the workplace is prohibited by Select Bankcard. Employees who use illegal drugs or misuse alcohol or other psychoactive or mind-altering substances may cause various work-related problems such as absenteeism and tardiness, decreased productivity, missed deadlines, poor work quality, and increased on-site accidents and injuries. Equally important, the use of illegal drugs and misuse of alcohol or other psychoactive or mind-altering substances can also result in a number of personal health and behavioral problems.

Any employee who uses, possesses, sells, manufactures, distributes, dispenses, conceals, receives, transports, or is under the influence of illegal drugs or misuses alcohol or other psychoactive or mind-altering substances is subject to disciplinary action including immediate termination of employment. The Employee may also be subject to criminal prosecution by governmental authorities. This policy applies to all applicants and employees as a condition of employment. Select Bankcard reserves the right to amend or modify this policy at its discretion in accordance with the requirements of applicable law or for any other lawful reason. Upon the reasonable suspicion that an Employee is acting in violation of this policy, Select Bankcard reserves the right, at all times while on Select Bankcard premises and property and when circumstances warrant, to have its managers and authorized personnel, including law enforcement and scent-trained dogs, conduct searches and inspections of employees, or other persons, and their personal property and effects for the purpose of determining if such employees or other persons are acting in violation of this policy. (This provision in no way limits or modifies Select Bankcard's rights set forth in section 3.6.)

Where the law permits, Select Bankcard reserves the right to conduct drug testing for pre-employment screening, specific incidents, probable cause, fitness for duty, random testing, suspicious sample, post-accident, or as required by state or federal contract language. This list is not intended to limit the events which would require a drug test and Select Bankcard reserves the right to test for alcohol and drug abuse for other lawful reasons. All positive or inconclusive tests will be reviewed by a licensed physician. Select Bankcard recognizes that a harmful dependence on alcohol or drugs can be a disease that is treatable. Select Bankcard encourages employees with drug or alcohol problems to seek help before they become subject to discipline for violating this or other Select Bankcard policies. Efforts to obtain help will be accommodated by Select Bankcard to the extent required by applicable law.

This policy does not prohibit employees from the lawful possession and use of prescribed medications. Employees have the responsibility, however, to consult with their doctors or other licensed health care professionals about the effect of prescribed medications on their ability to perform their specific job duties in a safe manner, and to promptly disclose any work restrictions to their Department Manager. Employees are not required to, however, disclose underlying medical conditions, impairments, or disabilities to their Department Managers unless specifically directed to do so by their doctors or other licensed health care professionals.

The following guidelines have been established for using the Internet, Select Bankcard-provided cell phones, and e-mail in an appropriate, ethical and professional manner: Internet, Select Bankcard-provided equipment (e.g., cell phone, laptops, computers), and services may not be used for transmitting, retrieving or storing any communications of a defamatory, discriminatory, harassing, or pornographic nature. The following actions are forbidden: using maliciously abusive or profane language; creating, viewing, or displaying materials that might adversely or negatively reflect upon Select Bankcard or be contrary to Select Bankcard's best interests; and engaging in any illegal activities, including piracy, cracking, extortion, blackmail, copyright infringement, and unauthorized access of any computers and Select Bankcard-provided equipment such as cell phones and laptops. Employees may not copy, retrieve, modify, or forward copyrighted materials, except with permission or as a single copy to reference only. Employees should not open suspicious e-mails, pop-ups, or downloads. Contact IT with any questions or concerns to reduce the release of viruses or to contain viruses immediately. Malicious or illegal use or communications may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

Select Bankcard uses multiple forms of information systems and electronic data/communication/ media including but not limited to email, computer, internet, instant messages, texts, fax, telephone and voicemail systems, and online information services. All communications using these systems, networks, and accounts are Select Bankcard property/records. All Select Bankcard-supplied technology and Select Bankcard-related work records belong to Select Bankcard and not to the employee. These systems and the information they contain are provided to help employees do their job as well, as efficiently, and as easily as possible and are intended for Select Bankcard use only. Select Bankcard routinely monitors use of Select Bankcard-supplied technology. As a condition of employment, Select Bankcard reserves the right to access, intercept, copy, monitor, review, and download any communications or files employees create or maintain on these systems without notice to the employee and in the employee's absence.

While electronic communication/media may use passwords for security, such passwords used in connection with electronic communication/media are not intended for and may not be construed as creating personal privacy. Employees should have no expectation of privacy. Select Bankcard may override all personal passwords or security, at its discretion, related to electronic communication/media. Employees are not permitted to access files, messages, or any documents or correspondence created by or intended for other employees or third parties, even on Select Bankcard systems, unless directed to do so by a member of management. All employee communications and any use of email, computer, fax, or voicemail systems will be held to the same standards as all other business communications, including compliance with applicable law and Select Bankcard's anti-discrimination and anti-harassment policies. Communication should not be disruptive, discriminatory, or offensive to others. Employees should notify their Department Manager immediately of unsolicited offensive materials or communications received by themselves or any other employee on any of these systems.

Select Bankcard-provided equipment and all electronic communication and computerized information systems are for business use only. There should be no personal use of Select Bankcard's equipment and electronic communications. Select Bankcard provides both wireless internet and ethernet for use with personal electronic devices, it is important to ensure that personal activities (including any gaming, shopping, social media, etc.), to the extent they occur at work, are done over these internet access paths and not through the access path provided for Select Bankcard's equipment. Moreover, even personal activities, when conducted on Select Bankcard premises or through Select Bankcard-provided internet access, are subject to the guidelines set forth in the Handbook. If employees have any questions about specific situations, they should check with their Department Manager.

Select Bankcard recognizes that most employees have cell phones or personal mobile devices; Select Bankcard has also provided games and gaming systems for employee use. However, use of cell phones, personal mobile devices, company-provided games and gaming systems, and all other non-work, personal tasks or distractions should be limited and not interfere with an employee's overall quality or quantity of performance, or otherwise negatively impact the productivity or efficiency of the workplace. Cell phones or mobile internet devices, whether Select Bankcard-issued or personal, may be used to increase efficiency, customer service, and to resolve important issues when an employee is out of the office.

Employees who use and operate cell phones and mobile devices while performing Select Bankcard business are expected to follow these guidelines: Personal calls and texting should be infrequent and minimal; Turn off or silence all devices when in meetings; The use of cellular phones or mobile internet devices is strictly prohibited while operating vehicles or equipment. As a general rule, the following personal activities should be done at home or during breaks to avoid wasting time or distracting employees from their responsibilities: Surfing the internet for non-work -related items or shopping on-line; Checking, posting, or otherwise engaging in social media; Personal instant messaging or sending personal emails; Personal text messaging; Personal calls (incoming or outgoing); Playing electronic or other games on a personal device, or one of the many company-provided games or gaming systems; Performing other personal tasks.

An employee's Department Manager will be responsible for supervising and managing an employee's engagement in personal activities, including usage of the company-provided games and gaming systems. An employee's failure to abide by the Department Manager's guidelines and direction will subject the employee to corrective action pursuant to section 4.6 of this Handbook.

Full-time employees are not permitted to engage in regular, outside, paid work or hold other jobs without management approval. Outside employment must not interfere or create a conflict with job responsibilities. Proper job performance must be maintained or the employee may be asked to make a choice between the job with Select Bankcard and the second job. Pursuant to Section 4.8 of this Handbook, playing games on Select Bankcard-provided computers is prohibited. Select Bankcard reserves the right to place conditions on its consent for outside employment. Before accepting outside employment, an employee must disclose to the employee's Department Manager, in writing, the nature of the job and the hours involved.

Employees must avoid any relationship or activity that might impair, or even appear to impair, their ability to make objective and fair decisions when performing their jobs. Additionally, Employees may not participate in activities which conflict with or appear to conflict with the business interests of Select Bankcard, which hurt the employee's job performance, or which may appear to compromise the employee's independent judgment because of economic or personal self-interest. The following three principles help avoid conflicts of interest: Employees should not use their Select Bankcard position for personal gain or for the personal gain of any person with whom the employee has personal, business, or financial ties. Employees should avoid any outside activity that could give the appearance of adversely affecting the objectivity of their judgment, or of interfering with the timely and effective performance of their job. Employees are allowed to invest in publicly-owned companies whose securities are listed on a national securities exchange or are otherwise generally available in the open market, or in banks or trust companies, even though the issuers of such securities may be customers, suppliers, or competitors, so long as such investments do not conflict with the interest of Select Bankcard. Employees should not, however, invest in privately-owned companies that compete with, operate in the same product markets as, or are in conflict with the interests of Select Bankcard.

At times, an employee may be faced with situations in which business actions taken on behalf of Select Bankcard may conflict with the employee's own personal interests. Select Bankcard property, information, or business opportunities may not be used for personal gain. Conflicts of interest could arise in the following circumstances: Being employed by, or acting as a consultant to, a competitor or potential competitor, supplier, or contractor, regardless of the nature of the employment, while employed with Select Bankcard. Hiring or supervising family members or closely related persons. Serving as a board member for a related outside company or organization. Owning a substantial interest in a related outside public company or organization, or owning any interest in a related outside private company or organization. Accepting gifts, discounts, favors, or services valued at $100 or more from a customer/potential customer, competitor, or supplier, unless equally available to all Select Bankcard employees. Before engaging in any activity, transaction, or relationship that might give rise to a conflict of interest, employees must seek review from their Department Manager.

By signing this Employee Handbook, each employee understands and acknowledges that Select Bankcard has expended and continues to expend significant time and expense in recruiting and training its employees and that the loss of employees would cause significant and irreparable harm to Select Bankcard. The Employee agrees and covenants not to directly or indirectly solicit, hire, or recruit, or attempt to solicit, hire, or recruit, any employee of Select Bankcard or any employee who has been employed by Select Bankcard in the 12 months before the Employee's last day of employment (collectively, Covered Employee), or to induce the termination of employment of any Covered Employee for a period of three years, beginning on the Employee's last day of employment with Select Bankcard, regardless of the reason for the employment termination.

This non-solicitation policy explicitly covers all forms of oral, written, or electronic communication, including but not limited to, communications by email, regular mail, express mail, telephone, fax, instant message, and social media (including but not limited to Facebook, LinkedIn, Instagram, Twitter, and any other social media platform, whether or not in existence at  the time of the acknowledgement of this Employee Handbook). However, it will not be deemed a violation of this policy if the Employee merely updates the Employee's LinkedIn profile or social media status to reflect Employee's new employment or connects with a Covered Employee on Facebook, LinkedIn, or other social media platform without engaging in any other substantive communication, by social media or otherwise, that is prohibited by this policy. This policy does not restrict or impede, in any way, and shall not be interpreted or understood as restricting or impeding, the Employee from discussing the terms and conditions of the Employee's employment with co-workers or exercising protected rights that cannot be waived.

Eligible employees who give birth to a child will be given five days of paid time off to recover from the birth of a child (Paid Child-Birth Leave). Employees are eligible for Child-Birth Leave if they have 1,250 service hours in the previous 12 months and have been employed by Select Bankcard for 12 months. Requests for leave under this policy should be made 30 days prior to a planned leave or as soon as possible for an unplanned leave.  As Paid Child-Birth Leave is provided to allow for recovery from the birth of the child, it is anticipated that the leave be used immediately following the childbirth, exceptions to the timing may be approved by a Department Manager if certified necessity is provided by the employee's healthcare provider. However, Paid Child-Birth Leave must be used within three months of childbirth or the leave expires and cannot be taken. Paid Child-Birth Leave hours are not considered hours worked for overtime calculations. Paid Child-Birth Leave will run concurrently with FMLA Leave or other leave required by state law. Intermittent leave is not permitted. An employee is expected to give prompt notice to the employee's Department Manager if there is any change in the expected return date.

Eligible employees will be given five days of paid time off to care for and bond with a new child (Paid Parental Leave). Employees are eligible for Parental Leave if they have 1,250 service hours in the previous 12 months and have been employed by Select Bankcard for 12 months. Requests for leave under this policy should be made 30 days prior to a planned leave or as soon as possible for an unplanned leave. Paid Parental Leave must be used within three months of the birth or adoption of a new child or the leave expires and cannot be taken. An employee is expected to give prompt notice to the employee's Department Manager if there is any change in the expected return date. Paid Parental Leave hours are not considered hours worked for overtime calculations. Paid Parental Leave will run concurrently with FMLA Leave or other leave required by state law. Intermittent leave is not permitted. Paid Parental Leave and Paid Child-Birth Leave are not mutually exclusive and an employee, if eligible, may take both Paid Parental Leave and Paid Child-Birth Leave.

Select Bankcard provides full-time employees with a total of eight paid holidays: New Year's Day, President's Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, Christmas Eve Day, Christmas Day. If a holiday falls on a weekend day, then another business day will be designated by Select Bankcard as a paid holiday with respect to that holiday. On these days, employees are not required to report to work and are not required to declare PTO relative to the missed work. Select Bankcard will consider holiday alterations depending on an employee's needs and personal observances. If an employee would like to substitute a different holiday for one of the paid holidays provided, then the employee may request the substitution from the employee's Department Manager. Any alteration to paid holidays is handled on a case-by-case basis taking into consideration the needs of the department, the employee's position and other criteria. Any alteration to paid holidays is in the sole discretion of Select Bankcard.

Select Bankcard understands that the death of a family member is difficult to deal with and that employees may need time away from work for grief or to attend to matters related to loss. Regular full-time employees are eligible to request time away with pay for bereavement of a direct family member (spouse, parent, grandparent, child, grandchild, brother, or sister). Depending on the employee's needs, the employee's Department Manager may approve (after certifying the event) bereavement time off. In determining the number of days to be authorized, a manager, in the manager's discretion, may take into consideration such factors as the employee's responsibilities in connection with the funeral arrangements, the distance to be traveled, and other appropriate information.

In most cases, employees should be able to vote outside of their scheduled working hours or as part of early voting efforts and employees are encouraged to do so. However, if such arrangements are not available or reasonable, Select Bankcard provides up to two paid hours away from work to vote in any local, state, or federal election. Where state or federal law requires additional time away for voting or covers other types of elections, the state law will be followed. Employees should arrange time away with their Department Manager before Election Day, which will allow for the creation of a schedule to adequately balance civic responsibility with the needs of the business.

If an employee is summoned to serve on a jury, the employee will receive time off for the duration of jury duty required by the court. The employee should notify the employee's Department Manager immediately upon being summoned. Proof of jury duty is required. For time spent on jury duty, exempt employees are entitled to be paid their full salary for the first week of jury duty. Thereafter, they will receive their salary for any week they perform services for Select Bankcard. Non-exempt employees will receive their normal wage for a maximum of five days. Continuation of jury duty pay should be approved by the Department Manager.

If the employee is required to be in court on cases involved directly or indirectly with Select Bank card, the time will be considered official duty with no leave charged. If an employee is called to appear as a witness in court, voluntarily or by subpoena, the employee may receive time off for the duration of the testimony required by the court. The employee should notify the employee's Department Manager immediately upon notification that the employee's testimony will be required in court. For time spent on witness duty, the leave will be without pay, however, the employee may elect to use PTO while on leave for witness duty. If an employee's work schedule is different from the hours required for jury or witness duty, the employee will not be required to report to work while serving on a jury or approved witness duty. However, the employee will be expected to report to work as normal during the business hours when the employee's presence is not required in court. The employee must provide management with advance notice of jury or witness duty. Employees are expected to keep their Department Manager informed of their jury or witness duty status and may be required to provide documentation to support their absence.

Select Bankcard offers regular full-time employees time off without pay for other reasons such as the following: Military service, Long duration illness or injury, Child birth, Care for a family member with a serious health concern, Satisfy a subpoena. In appropriate circumstances, a Department Manager may approve (after certifying the event) a maximum of six weeks of unpaid leave, unless required to provide more leave by state or federal law. During the leave, the employee's accrued PTO must be applied until it is exhausted with the remaining time unpaid. If state or federal job reinstatement protections are applicable, Select Bankcard will comply with those regulations.

I understand that this current November 2021 edition of the Employee Handbook replaces all previously issued editions. I understand that as business needs change, Select Bankcard, at its sole discretion, may modify or eliminate the guidelines and procedures in this Employee Handbook at any time without notice. By signing below, I certify that I have received the Employee Handbook, and I have read and understand the standards and practices described herein. 

I realize that employment with Select Bankcard is employment at-will. Employment at-will may be terminated with or without cause and with or without notice at any time by the employee or Select Bankcard. Nothing in this Employee Handbook or in any document or statement shall limit the right to terminate employment at-will. No manager, supervisor, or employee of Select Bankcard has any authority to enter into an agreement for employment for any specified period of time or to make an agreement for employment other than at-will. Only the President of Select Bankcard has the authority to make any such agreement and then only in writing. I understand that the cost of property issued to me (computer, keys, etc.) and not returned or not returned in good condition to Select Bankcard upon my leaving may be deducted from my final paycheck as allowed by law. In addition, if allowed by law, I authorize Select Bankcard to deduct from my paychecks any amounts I should owe to Select Bankcard, including but not limited to, cash advances, and leave and wage overpayments.

For employees specifically identified in writing by their department manager as qualifying for leave under this section (Project-Based Employees), Select Bankcard provides discretionary, non-limited time away from work for rest and relaxation, and to accommodate diverse needs, including life events such as vacation, personal or family illness, doctor appointments, school, volunteerism, religious or holiday observances, personal issues, weather problems, and other activities of the employee's choice (Discretionary Time Away or DTA). Select Bankcard recognizes that Project-Based Employees' work is largely project based and, as a result, hours worked fluctuate and deadlines and project completion often drive schedules. Project-Based Employees are expected to manage their time. Department Managers oversee work product and engagement, and may at times require specific work times or schedules. Project-Based Employees must take ownership of their job responsibilities and collaborate with their colleagues and their Department Managers. Consequently, Project Based Employees do not accrue PTO according to a set accrual rate, accrual cap, or have a delineated PTO limitation, nor are Project-Based Employees eligible for Paid Child-Birth Leave or Paid Parental Leave.

This provision of DTA in a discretionary, non-limited approach is intended to build bonds of trust among teammates. If an employee abuses this policy to the detriment of job performance or morale, then that employee may be subject to discipline and the employee's job may be in jeopardy. Select Bankcard reserves the right to review employee performance and to decide if discip line or job termination might be appropriate. Guidelines for Discretionary Time Away: In lieu of accruing and recording vacation time, Discretionary Time Away is to be coordinated with the employee's Department Manager. DTA is generally approved on a first-come, first-serve basis. Since not all teammates can be away at once, the Department Manager will work with employees to achieve a fair distribution of time away from work in accordance with the needs and goals of the project assignments. DTA of more than a week in duration should be pre-approved by the Department Manager at least two months in advance. As Project-Based Employees do not accrue vacation under this plan, they are not entitled to any pay out of PTO upon termination.

Select Bankcard is committed to providing a dynamic, results-oriented work environment that encourages innovation and productivity. Select Bankcard's experience is that the most effective work arrangements ideally involve co-located work teams to maximize in-person contact and interactions among co-workers. However, circumstances may exist where it may be beneficial to Select Bankcard and the employee to agree to an alternative work arrangement (i.e., flexible work hours, working from home, etc.). Regardless of the arrangement, the overall focus will continue to be on meeting business objectives and the expectations/deliverables of the employee's position. Any alternative work arrangement is subject to management approval and will require an acceptable work environment. Performance expectations do not change as a result of an alternative work arrangement. Accommodation of alternative work arrangements is Select Bankcard's sole discretion and approved arrangements may change over time and require adjustment. No employee has any entitlement to or expectation of any specific alternative work arrangement.

Under the FMLA Act of 1993, employees may be entitled to up to 12 weeks of leave during any 12-month period (calculated on a rolling 12-month basis looking backward) for any of the following reasons: Birth of a child; Placement of a child for adoption or foster care; Caring for a spouse, child or parent with a serious health condition. (A serious health condition is an illness, injury, impairment, or physical or mental condition that involves either an overnight stay in a medical care facility, or continuing treatment by a health care provider for a condition that either prevents the employee from performing the functions of the employee's job, or prevents a qualified family member from participating in school or other daily activities.); A serious health condition of the employee; or A qualifying exigency arising out of the fact that a spouse, parent or child is on or has been called to active duty.

Employees are eligible for FMLA if they have 1,250 service hours in the previous 12 months, have been employed by Select Bankcard for 12 months, and work in a location with 50 or more employees within a 75-mile radius of the office. To request leave under FMLA, employees should contact their Department Manager. FMLA forms should be completed by the employee and their medical provider. Requests for FMLA should be made 30 days prior to a planned leave or as soon as possible for an unplanned leave. Select Bankcard reserves the right to declare that an employee's absence from work for any qualified event under FMLA to be FMLA leave. Additionally, Department Managers should contact human resources when they have an employee who is planning to take FMLA leave or who is absent from work for more than three consecutive days due to a medical condition. Select Bankcard requires that employees use paid leave as defined in the PTO policy before unpaid leave is taken. Use of PTO will run concurrent with Family Medical Leave. Therefore, employees may use up to 12 weeks total, paid or unpaid, for Family Medical Leave during a 12-month period based on rolling 12 months calculated backwards from the date of the requested leave. Intermittent leave for the birth/adoption of a child is not permitted.

FMLA leave may be extended up to a total of 26 weeks to permit a spouse, son, daughter, parent, or next of kin to care for a member of the Armed Forces, including a member of the National Guard or Reserves, who is undergoing medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy, is otherwise in outpatient status, or is otherwise on the temporary disability retired list, for a serious injury or illness. If employees require an extension period of their FMLA rights for this reason, they should notify their Department Manager to make the appropriate arrangements. When an employee returns from a family medical leave, the employee will be returned to the same job or a job of equivalent pay and status. The employee's Department Manager may ask the employee to provide a note from the employee's doctor releasing the employee to the employee's regular duties depending on the circumstances of the leave. If an employee requests intermittent leave, the employee may be transferred to a position that better accommodates intermittent leave.

Intermittent leave is not available for birth, adoption, or placement of a child. While out on FMLA, an employee will retain and be expected to pay for the employee's health benefits as if the employee had continued to work. An employee and the employee's Department Manager should contact human resources to make arrangements for FMLA leave. If, due to continued health related issues, an employee is unable to return to work after the employee's 12-week Family Medical Leave has expired, the employee will be placed on medical lay-off (this means the employee's benefit eligibility ends and the employee will be given the opportunity to elect COBRA. If the employee returns within 12 months of the employee's departure, then the employee's benefits/seniority will be reinstated). An employee may re-apply for the employee's previously held position, if the position is available, once the employee provides the Department Manager with documentation that the employee's physician has released the employee to return to work. Select Bankcard will comply with any state or local law that provides benefits in addition to those provided for under the FMLA.